I can prove it to him
Who are you, can you prove a fart?
Are you blind?
These are two reporters from national TV
My mom can't even prepare to ask him out
How dare you talk to him like that?
Oh, I see.
Hey hey reporter liu hey
Reporter Liu Reporter Liu
That
My family is ignorant, please forgive me.
But what about him?
I was also angered by these two profiteers
You say
I participated in their winning event.
I finally got all the cards together.
They won't give it to me.
You say this is their life
Yes, everyone can prove it to me.
You see my card is there and they won't cash it for me.
This is the most hateful fraud
It is not easy for people to collect 100 sets of 15 cards
If this is not redeemed
Isn't that just a profiteer who cheats people out of money?
Captain Liu, I can also don't want this car.
But they cheated so openly
You have to deal with it fairly.
National Bulletin
It must be notified nationwide.
Yeah, such a liar.
Don't shut down his factory for you.
I think it's you who cheated